Privacy Policy


In this Privacy Policy, references to "you" means any person submitting any data or information to 2nd Opinion App (Hereinafter for the sake of brevity referred to as 2nd Opinion App).
                    The term "Platform" used in this document refers to the mobile application (being 2nd Opinion App), mobile apps and / or any other services offered / to be offered by 2nd Opinion.
                    Privacy issues are a high priority for us at 2nd Opinion and we follow standard industry practices to maintain your personal information. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. 
                    This Privacy policy covers 2nd Opinion's treatment of personally identifiable information that 2nd Opinion collects when you are on the 2nd Opinion site, and when you use 2nd Opinion's services. This policy also covers 2nd Opinion's treatment of any personally identifiable information that 2nd Opinion's business partners share with 2nd Opinion. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that 2nd Opinion does not own or control, or to people that 2nd Opinion does not employ or manage.
                    Your user identity information will be kept confidential and will be used for our research, marketing, and strategic client analysis objectives and other internal business purposes only. We do not sell or rent personal information except that in case you as a user of our fulfillment services, your personal information needs be shared with 2nd Opinion's partners / advertisers / service providers and you shall be deemed to have given consent to the same. As is common in the industry, 2nd Opinion uses the technology of cookies and site log files to monitor user registration, to recognise registered members when they revisit the site and to track site usage. Our ability to identify you as a registered member allows us to customise the 2nd Opinion experience and to protect your personal information based on your account settings. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on this Platform that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. Further, 2nd Opinion's customers / advertisers / service providers who are listed with us, may call you, based on the query or enquiry that you make with us, enquiring about any:
                     product / service.

                  
                    Product / Service of any particular customer / advertiser / provider

                    Visibility of public creative contributions in addition to being a need fulfillment Platform, 2nd Opinion also provides a variety of Forums (as defined in 'Terms of Use') for its members to express. Since this expression is linked to the member's identity and the expression is in the public domain, the compilation of a member's creative contributions to 2nd Opinion will be visible to all visitors of 2nd Opinion, whether or not they are registered members of 2nd Opinion. Sharing of information with third parties 2nd Opinion takes your privacy very seriously. However, there may be times when we need to disclose your personal information to third parties. 2nd Opinion reserves the right to share recordings of all phone calls made between: [a] any user and 2nd Opinion; [b] any service provider and 2nd Opinion; [c] any user and service provider of 2nd Opinion through UVN, to legal, accounting or other advisors that provide professional services and / or who assists us in training, quality monitoring and quality enhancement of our services to the user and / or service providers. You hereby grant your irrevocable consent to 2nd Opinion to share such call recordings to third parties for such purposes. You further disclaim and / or abandon any right to sue 2nd Opinion in relation to the same. Such third parties shall be bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information. 2nd Opinion further reserves the right to share / sell some or all of your personal information with another business entity in the event it plans to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, re-organize, amalgamate or restructure its business. If such a transaction occurs, that other business entity or the new entity formed as a result of such transaction will be required to follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information. You have no objection and are deemed to have waived all objections in relation to the same for the fullest enjoyment of the services. The third parties with which 2nd Opinion shares your personal information shall be bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information. In addition, 2nd Opinion may share your information to send direct mailers or complimentary coupons / offers to a mailing agency to process postal mailing. Again, such an agency would be bound by strict confidentiality agreements that limit their use of such information Partnering with others 2nd Opinion may partner with other online services to offer a combined service. Whenever we offer such combined services, 2nd Opinion will make it clear who the partner is and it will be entirely up to you to use or not to use the service. Where any personal information is passed along to the partner you will be informed prior to that sharing. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law. 
                    Provision of aggregate demographic information to third parties: 2nd Opinion reserves the right to provide aggregate demographic information of its member base to advertisers and others so as to attract pertinent advertisers to advertise on 2nd Opinion. We do not share personal information of individual users with advertisers. 
                    Disclosures required by law: It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public. 
                    Policy on abuse on 2nd Opinion: 2nd Opinion is committed to ensuring and enforcing a safe and friendly online community space for all our members. To this effect, we have come up with a policy on abuse that we would like all our members to be aware of. These rules govern the use of this Platform and its product / service offerings and we would like all our members to cooperate in complying with these rules so that everyone can have a pleasant experience. Advertising and spamming
                    Commercial messages or promotional messages from businesses or Organisations are not permitted on the network. 2nd Opinion App provides a Platform for its members to express themselves in the form of articles, columns, opinions, comments, reviews, art and photos but the website must not be used as a medium for marketing or selling to our members.

                    No advertising or promotion is allowed except where it is for an event, publication or similar item that has direct relevance to the subject of discussion and is non-commercial in nature. Information about locating and sharing knowledge and expertise is welcomed, but must have relevance to the topic on which an opinion is expressed or a discussion is initiated.

                    Do not post chain letters, promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses.

                    Do not recruit members to join another website forum or chat group, whether personal or otherwise. if you have a suggestion for a new forum, please contact us or send your queries to member relations.

                    2nd Opinion App encourages healthy discussion on the topics that members contribute to in forums and where relevant, members are allowed to post links to their content. However, overt promotion of, or inappropriate links to other known commercial websites on any forum are not permitted and will be removed. If you are unsure whether a link or a posting is allowed, please send your queries to member relations. The definition of an appropriate link is one that is relevant to both the posting and the forum topic. A commercial site is considered as one which promotes a product or service for a price or for other consideration that suggests it is a for-profit business.

                    Copyrighted material Uploading copies of copyrighted material as a whole or in part on 2nd Opinion App without explicit permission from the copyright owner shall be deemed to infringe on the copyright and this applies to materials such as text, images, music, movies, games, and other software in digital and analog format. 2nd Opinion App reserves the right to immediately delete such material without prior permission / consultation from the member. If you suspect that an image submitted to 2nd Opinion App is copyright protected and has been used fraudulently, please contact us immediately or send us an email to member relations. Safety guidelines The Platform is always reaching out to a wider audience by showcasing the best of our member contributions. However, in doing so, we will not allow to be uploaded anything on the site that we think could be potentially endangering or is inflammatory or embarrassing to our members. It also helps members to be aware of certain things in the interest of their safety.
                    All members are responsible for the safety of their personal information. We recommend that members do not disclose their names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers or other personal information online.

                    All members need to be aware that when they upload their photos on the Platform, the photos are not only visible to the entire internet community but can also be downloaded, since any image that can be displayed on a computer screen can be saved by the person viewing it. It is technically not possible to prevent this and hence 2nd Opinion cannot be held liable in such cases. If you are worried about someone else viewing or saving your images then please do not submit them.

                    Do not post chain letters, promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses.

                    Do not recruit members to join another website forum or chat group, whether personal or otherwise. If you have a suggestion for a new forum, please contact us or send your queries to member relations.

                    2nd Opinion encourages healthy discussion on the topics that members contribute to in forums and where relevant, members are allowed to post links to their content. However, overt promotion of, or inappropriate links to other known commercial websites on any forum are not permitted and will be removed. If you are unsure whether a link or a posting is allowed, please send your queries to member relations. The definition of an appropriate link is one that is relevant to both the posting and the forum topic. A commercial site is considered as one which promotes a product or service for a price or for other consideration that suggests it is a for-profit business.

                    Legalities
                    All members are reminded that they may be held legally accountable for what they say or do online. In particular, members may be held liable for any defamatory comments, threats and / or untrue statements or other illegal and fraudulent claims made by them.

                    2nd Opinion does not endorse the opinions expressed by its members.

                    If any member fails to observe the above rules of conduct at any time, 2nd Opinion reserves the right to terminate the membership of the member and / or delete all their contributions (either temporarily or permanently) from the site, depending on the nature and severity of the breach and without prior warning or consent of the member.

                    Registration as a member of this Platform at any time past or present and use of the Platform and all its product / service offerings will be taken as acceptance of the above rules of conduct. 2nd Opinion's decision on all matters is final and binding on its members. Legal jurisdiction for all disputes is the District Court of Gurgaon, Haryana, India.

                    The Platform endeavours to foster a vibrant local service need platform that serves millions of users and businesses. We are here to serve our members 24x7 and use all feedback to refine and improve the online experience for our members. You can reach TEAM 2nd Opinion anytime by writing to contact.2ndOpinion@bluecircle.co and we will respond to you in a timely manner. We hope you have an enjoyable and rewarding experience on the Platform.

                    
